remove clientgen (#36)
kcp-dev/code-generator: README.md

**Note**: This is the relative path to the input directory where APIs live.

2. `--output-dir` - The directory where output clients are to be generated. It defaults to the `clientset` folder under current working directory.

>     - Listers will be output to `<outputDur>/listers/${GROUP}/${VERSION}/${TYPE}.go`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Listers are output to `<outputDir>/listers/${GROUP}/${VERSION}/${TYPE}.go`
```

>     - Individual informers will be output to `<outputDur>/informers/externalversions/${GROUP}/${VERSION}/${TYPE}.go`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Individual informers are output to `<outputDir>/informers/externalversions/${GROUP}/${VERSION}/${TYPE}.go`
```
